In Santiago, many people are attempting to reach their destination,
in what has already been a difficult afternoon,
after authorities have announced the complete suspension of the metro,
and reinforced police presence on public transport for those who are trying to get home.
There are images of what is happening in downtown Santiago, including the one we are seeing now.
This is a Transsantiago bus that our cameras have been following,
which has been set on fire by protesters.
Firefighters have tried to put it out but were attacked by protesters throwing stones at them.
Unfortunately this is not happening only in the centre of Santiago.